[upbeat music]
♪
- Steak and eggs.
- [scoffs]
This is well-done.
You got it wrong...
again.
- I'm so sorry.
♪
- What's Joe's beef today?
- The beef, actually.
It's well-done.
I guess he said medium.
[sighs]
- Don't let it get to you, hon.
It shows on your face,
and then it shows in your tips.
Get my drift?
[doorbell jingles]
I'll take care of this.
It looks like
you got one more.
- [exhales heavily]
♪
Hi, Isaac.
What can I get you?
[dark music]
♪
Hello.
- I saw the pictures--
the ones you took of yourself.
♪
Everyone saw them.
- If you're gonna order
something, order it.
♪
- I know.
- What did you say?
- I know...
what you...
and your friends did.
- What are you talking about?
- To my mother and father.
[swing music continues]
♪
[doorbell jingles]
[dramatic music]
♪
[indistinct chatter]
[tense music]
♪
- Beth?
- [gasps]
Oh. [chuckles]
- Hey.
- Hi, Dad.
- Hey, what's going on?
- I brought you lunch.
- Oh.
Honey, I told you
I had meetings all day.
- I know, but I want to talk
about you and Mom.
- Beth...
[sighs]
I promised your mother
that I wouldn't talk to you
without her.
- Oh, speaking of vows
you promised to keep...
[giggles]
I did some research
on romantic getaways.
There are so many great places
you and Mom can go
to fix your marriage.
See these color-coded tabs?
Green is for golf.
- Huh.
- Blue is for spa.
Red is for bungee jumping--
- Honey, honey, honey, honey,
I do appreciate your effort.
I really do, but...
your mother and I just can't
take off work like that.
- You make it sound
like your jobs
are more important than
keeping our family together.
- Beth, please, please,
not here.
Okay?
We'll...
talk more
when your mother and I
get home tonight, okay?
- No.
It's not okay.
I am not okay with this.
[dramatic music]
- [sighs]
Look, I'm--
I'm sorry.
♪
Listen, hey.
I love you...
more than anything.
♪
Thank you.
- Rick, where are you?
I need to talk.
[ball whooshes]
[gasps]
[yelps]
[ball thudding lightly]
[tense music]
- Still afraid of the ball,
huh, Chapel?
Some things haven't changed
since seventh-grade gym class.
Of course,
other things have.
♪
My parents are in prison.
That sucks.
Do you know how it feels?
One day,
you're a normal family.
Next day--boom!
Your family blows up.
- Actually, I do know--
- No!
Not perfect little Beth Chapel
and her perfect little family.
I don't know if I'm getting
my parents back,
but I know
who took them from me.
- [gasps]
- It's gonna be you and me.
Jock versus nerd.
An age-old classic.
[chuckles]
See you later, Chapel.
♪
- See, Pat?
Look at this.
It's Diablo Island.
And there were some
of Brainwave
and Solomon Grundy too,
but...those are gone.
- Because those were never
really here, Court.
Eclipso made you see them.
- What else can he make us see?
- Hi.
[suspenseful music]
You know what happened
to Mr. Deisinger?
- We heard he got sent
to Lincoln
for psychiatric care.
♪
He's a teacher of yours?
- And a friend.
- Right.
♪
- What are you guys doing here?
- We volunteered to clean up.
♪
- Why do bad things
keep happening
to good people
in this town?
- Court.
♪
- It's Cindy Burman.
- What is she holding?
- I don't know.
- She was here yesterday.
- Cindy Burman was here?
I thought she left Blue Valley.
- She wanted to talk
about my dad.
I don't know.
The whole thing was weird.
- You know, Court,
we should really get going
'cause your mom had
that...thing planned.
See you.
Court, we should go.
- We'll talk later.
I'll find you, okay?
♪
Cindy's back, and she has
the black diamond.
- Yeah, we got to find her.
- We start at her house.
I'll call the others
and get my Staff.
- I'll get S.T.R.I.P.E.
both: Meet you at the Pit Stop.
- What about a motorbike?
Seem like the adventurous type.
Maybe it's time
to get out on your own
and hit the open road.
What are you, 22, 23?
- Zeek, I'm 15.
- Oh. Got some size on you.
- Thanks.
My dad said nothing
with wheels anyway.
Just something we could
take apart and rebuild,
like, can't kill myself on.
Like a clock radio.
- Hmm.
- It's not exactly
what I had in mind, but...
- Yeah.
Well, you know
what ain't got wheels?
Robots.
- Yeah.
That is true.
- Mm-hmm.
I just so happen to be
building S.T.R.I.P.E.
a 12-foot chain saw.
And you know what?
Not a wheel in sight.
- My God, yes.
There's got to be something
I could build for it, right?
- That's the spirit, kid.
Yes, the possibilities
are limitless.
Just let your imagination
run wild.
And remember
one important thing,
something my granddaddy
taught me as a young boy:
you break it, you buy it.
[playful music]
♪
- Huh.
Bingo.
[ominous music]
♪
- Hi, Mike.
- [gasps]
- If you're here to buy
a giant drill bit,
you're out of luck.
This one is mine.
No, no, no, no, no,
you stay away from me,
you pom-pom psycho.
- Aww.
Look at Stargirl's
baby brother acting so tough.
- What do you want?
- I want your help.
- Yeah?
You're beyond my help.
Sorry about that.
- I've put together
a team, Mike.
And you are a vital part of it.
- You think I'll join?
Why would I ever do that?
- [laughs]
No, no.
Oh, my God.
I'm sorry.
No, no.
Why would
I ever want you?
You're just like your father.
You don't do anything, Mike.
No, membership was never
on the table.
But my little
anti-Stargirl squad
still has a very important job
for you.
You're gonna be the bait.
[chuckles]
♪
[remote beeps,
mechanical whirring]
- Ah!
[high-pitched, discordant
string music playing]
♪
[groaning]
[music stops]
[breathing heavily]
[tense music]
[dramatic violin chord plays]
[yelps]
♪
- Whoo!
- [groaning]
- Hi, Mr. Dugan.
♪
Just hold on.
All right?
I'm not gonna harm a child.
- Cool with me.
[both grunting]
♪
- Okay, look,
I'm not gonna hit
a kid, all right?
[both grunt]
- Yep.
- Are any of the kids
in this town normal?
[both grunting]
♪
[both grunt]
[dramatic violin chord plays]
[yelps, grunts]
♪
[groaning]
- Hey!
He's my dad's friend.
We're here for the robot.
♪
[shouts]
[door opens]
- [sighs]
He's not picking up.
- We'll find Mike.
What about Pat?
- He has
a really bad concussion.
But Dr. Chapel said that...
he should be okay.
[somber music]
♪
- We shouldn't
have split up.
I should have gone
to the Pit Stop with him,
and then maybe--
- No, no.
Stop.
It's not your fault.
- [cries]
♪
[electrical whirring,
crackling]
- What the hell happened?
- I think Isaac Bowin did this.
- No.
It was Artemis Crock.
She told me she knew
who put her parents away.
She's out for blood.
- Well, Isaac came
to the diner.
He was acting all stalker-y,
mumbling about his mom,
like we had something to do
with her death.
Makes sense now.
- So the bad guys' kids
are working together?
- Cindy Burman is behind this.
I'll bet you anything.
[electrical crackling, popping]
♪
- Cindy Burman?
- Cameron said she's back
in Blue Valley.
And if Mr. Deisinger's painting
means anything,
she has the black diamond.
So...whatever's happening
with Eclipso,
Cindy's behind it.
- Mm.
[cell phone buzzing]
- Mike, are you okay?
- Miss me, New Girl?
Of course,
you're not so new anymore.
- Where's Mike?
- Don't worry.
He's doing better
than his dad...for now.
[ominous music]
- What do you want?
- I want to hurt you.
Not right away, though.
First your friends
and then your family.
And after you've watched
them all suffer,
then you.
♪
I'm gonna rip you apart for
everything you've done to me.
- Everything that's
happened to you,
you brought on yourself.
- You don't know
anything about me!
Come for me,
the cafeteria, one hour,
or Mike dies.
♪
- It's all right, Cynthia.
It's your time now.
- Yes, it is my time.
- Just remember,
leave Courtney for last.
- I know, but--
- It will be so delicious,
the final soul
for me to swallow.
Patience.
- Okay.
♪
- I don't know if I can
do this without Pat,
especially if Cindy has
the black diamond--
- Courtney, listen to me.
You absolutely can do this.
Go get your friends.
And go get your brother.
Be Stargirl for them.
[hopeful music]
♪
And, honey...
kick that girl's ass.
[exciting music]
♪
[monitor beeping]
- [sighs]
Damn it.
[sucks teeth]
Okay.
[touch tones beeping]
[dark music]
[eerie whooshing]
♪
- Trouble, I see.
- Mr. Swift.
Or Shade.
- Either will suffice.
- Pat was attacked.
Our son's been taken
by Cindy Burman,
and Courtney's gone to get him.
- Oh, dear.
Quite a soap opera
you've got yourself into.
And this concerns me how?
- I don't know
if telling you this
is the right
or the wrong thing to do,
but the girl who took Mike
also has the black diamond.
♪
- I see.
[dramatic violin music playing]
♪
[Staff hums]
[tense music]
♪
- [chuckles]
And you call us losers?
Yeah, I do.
Where's Mike?
♪
[shouting]
Where is my brother?
- I got bored waiting.
He's in the ground.
- [grunting]
[yells]
[all grunting, yelling]
- [gasps]
[dramatic music]
- [chuckles]
♪
[dramatic violin chord plays]
[all grunt]
- [whimpers]
- Jocks one, nerds zero.
[goggles whirring]
♪
- [grunts]
- [yelps]
[violin music playing]
- Aah!
- [shouts]
- [grunts]
[both grunting]
♪
[high-pitched screeching]
[dramatic violin chord plays]
- [grunting]
♪
[goggles whirring]
[both grunting]
- Mike.
[gasps]
[explosive device beeping]
- [yelps]
♪
- Mike!
- [gasping]
Took you long enough.
- Seriously?
[huffs]
[ominous music]
♪
[violin droning]
[ominous violin music playing]
♪
[all grunting]
[dramatic music]
♪
[dramatic violin chord plays]
- [yelps, growls]
♪
[all grunting]
- Boom!
[dramatic music]
♪
- [muffled screaming]
- [grunting]
♪
[explosive device beeping]
[beeping quickens]
- Puck.
- Fire in the hole!
[sustained beep]
[both grunt]
[explosion]
- [grunts]
[dramatic violin chord plays]
[Staff whirs]
[exciting music]
♪
[dramatic violin music playing]
- [shouts]
- Get back here!
[dramatic music]
♪
- [grunts]
[Staff whirring]
[metal groans]
[both grunting]
♪
- Stay down.
I don't want
to hurt you anymore.
♪
[Staff whirring]
- [grunts]
Who's useless now?
♪
- [shudders]
- Mike, you're okay!
[laughs]
♪
- She broke my violin.
- You idiot.
I'll just do this myself.
[grunts]
[black diamond whirring]
[eerie whooshing]
- [coughing]
- What is that?
What's happening?
What is it?
Mike, get ready.
♪
- Come now, children.
Playtime's over.
♪
- Um...
is he on our side?
- I don't know.
- Don't worry.
He's afraid of me.
- You shouldn't be playing
with things
you don't understand.
- I know exactly what this is
and what's in it.
- If you knew
what you're dealing with,
you wouldn't be wielding it
in some trivial
teenage gang fight.
[dramatic music]
♪
Now, please,
give it to me,
or you'll force my hand.
- It is time.
- For what?
- For me.
- Please, no.
Please, no.
- Yes.
- No, no, no, no, no.
No!
[groans]
♪
[black diamond whirring]
- [grunting]
♪
- Yes.
- Come to me, Stargirl.
♪
[growls]
[explosion]
[suspenseful music]
♪
[electricity crackling]
[door drones, creaks]
♪
[monitor beeping]
[electricity crackling]
- Pat.
- [sighs]
♪
- Oh, my God.
- Barb,
what's going on?
♪
[high-pitched ringing]
[all coughing, groaning]
- [growling]
[dark music]
♪
[groans]
[growls]
♪
[breathing heavily]
[bones cracking]
[grunting]
[bubbling]
♪
[grunts]
[grunting]
- You betrayed me.
♪
[grunts]
- You used me...
[shivs rip]
- [yelping]
[whimpers, breathes deeply]
- [grunts]
- [yelps]
- And I used you.
- [whimpering]
♪
- [yelps]
- Isaac!
- No!
♪
- [whimpering]
[yelps, grunts]
♪
- [groaning]
- Evil boy...
- [coughs]
- [sighs]
Your soul is so ripe!
[eerie whooshing]
[growls]
- [screaming]
♪
- [breathing heavily]
[growls]
- Hey!
You're here
because of me.
Remember?
You owe me.
- No.
♪
I owe you...nothing.
- [whimpering]
- Cindy!
Hold on!
- Oh, my God, help!
Don't let go.
Don't let go. Don't.
Please don't.
Help me!
Courtney!
- No!
- Courtney, please!
[receding scream]
[eerie whooshing]
- Hey! Come on, Creep Show.
[grunts]
- Rick!
- Mm.
- You're pathetic,
feasting on the souls
of children.
♪
- Your powers comes
from my home, human.
- [yelps]
- [grunts]
You know this.
- [shouts]
- [yells]
♪
- [grunts, growls]
- Court, wait!
♪
- [panting]
[eerie whooshing]
- [groaning]
Oh, damnation.
[eerie whooshing]
- There was an eclipse
in the sky.
But it's gone.
- Just like Eclipso.
- Cindy Burman is...
- Dead.
Isaac Bowin is too.
Artemis,
we don't know what happened
to her
or The Shade.
[dramatic music]
♪
I think Eclipso
was always trying
to get out of the diamond,
Pat.
He was using Cindy.
And us.
- To get to our world.
- What do you think
he's gonna do now?
- Corrupt. Feed.
Gain power.
Then I don't know.
- The Staff hurt Eclipso,
but...it went dark.
Something's wrong with it now.
♪
- Then I need to step up
my training.
No more rebuilding
clock radios.
Cindy Burman was gonna kill me,
and I couldn't do anything.
- Hey, we'll rebuild
S.T.R.I.P.E. together.
- No, I want
my own S.T.R.I.P.E., Dad.
[sighs]
This thing...
it's like out
of a nightmare.
And I'm scared.
♪
- I think you have
a broken rib.
- I'll live.
- What did Eclipso do to Isaac?
- He...
he inhaled him.
- Is that how that works?
He feeds off of evil by...
Actually eating people?
- Isaac wasn't evil.
He was just a troubled kid.
He didn't deserve to die.
But Eclipso does.
[suspenseful music]
- We just got to find him.
♪
- [grunting]
[childlike laughter]
♪
[maniacal laughter]
[dramatic music]
♪
- Greg, move your head.